feat(storefront): Remove redundant asterisk next to every price (#6298)
shopware/platform: adr/2025-01-01-remove-asterisk-next-to-every-price.md

Using the asterisk `*` next to every price has several downsides that we want to address:

### Footer text not always in viewport

When adding products to the shopping cart from within the listing the text might never be recognized.

### Redundant and confusing information

In some areas, the asterisk `*` referring to the footer text is more confusing than helpful. For example:
* On the product detail page the "tax and shipping information" link is already displayed right underneath the price.
* Inside the summary of the shopping cart the "tax and shipping information" is already part of the summary itself.
* When a form is shown on the same page, the asterisks `*` of the required fields are conflicting with the asterisks `*` of the prices.
* In general the asterisk `*` might give the impression that the shown price is not the actual price and might change later.

### Accessibility issues

The asterisk `*` is only plain text at the moment and has no actual relationship to its corresponding footer info text.

> A screen reader will always read "50 euros star" without further context. For a screen reader user the star is not accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A screen reader will always read "50 euros star" without further context. For a screen reader user, the asterisk is not accessible.
```

## Decision

The asterisk `*` next to every price will be removed because of the reasons mentioned above.

> In most areas of the Storefront the information that the asterisk `*` is referring to is already given, and it was therefore redundant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most areas of the Storefront, the information that the asterisk `*` refers to is already given, and it is therefore redundant.
```
